README.md, before:

### Hi, folks! 👋

My name is Anton Sankov!

I am a passionate software developer, currently working at VMware Carbon Black.

I am also a Core Team member of [Kiwi TCMS](https://github.com/kiwitcms) - the leading Open Source Test Case Management System.

In my free time I like reading books, playing video games and... programming.

You can check out some of my hobby projects:
- [gira](https://github.com/asankov/gira) - Like Gira, but for tracking your video games progress. Written in Go. Still WIP.
- [containerizor](https://github.com/asankov/containerizor) - Running Containers as a service.

I am also getting into public speaking. You can see some of my presentation:
- [The Twelve-Factor App](https://asankov.org/twelve-factor-app) - my take on the twelve-factor app methodology in the context of microservices.
  - at [DevConf.CZ 2020](https://youtu.be/xyeXx2qtfLI)
- [Go Modules](https://asankov.org/go-modules) - simple explanation of what Go Modules are and what problem they solve.
- [Go 101 Workshop](https://github.com/asankov/go-101-workshop) - Workshop for people that have no experience with, but want to learn Go. With [Boris Stoyanov](https://github.com/borisbsv)
  - at [HackConf 2021](https://hackconf.bg/news/hackconf-2021-online-edition-workshops-announcement/#go-101) 

If you want to learn more about me check out my [CV](https://asankov.org/cv).
<!--
**asankov/asankov** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Add Next Phases of Kubernetes

README.md, after:

### Hi, folks! 👋

My name is Anton Sankov!

I am a passionate software developer, currently working at VMware Carbon Black.

I am also a Core Team member of [Kiwi TCMS](https://github.com/kiwitcms) - the leading Open Source Test Case Management System.

In my free time I like reading books, playing video games and... programming.

You can check out some of my hobby projects:
- [gira](https://github.com/asankov/gira) - Like Gira, but for tracking your video games progress. Written in Go. Still WIP.
- [containerizor](https://github.com/asankov/containerizor) - Running Containers as a service.

I am also getting into public speaking. You can see some of my presentation:
- [The Twelve-Factor App](https://asankov.org/twelve-factor-app) - my take on the twelve-factor app methodology in the context of microservices.
  - at [DevConf.CZ 2020](https://youtu.be/xyeXx2qtfLI)
- [Go Modules](https://asankov.org/go-modules) - simple explanation of what Go Modules are and what problem they solve.
- [Go 101 Workshop](https://github.com/asankov/go-101-workshop) - Workshop for people that have no experience with, but want to learn Go. With [Boris Stoyanov](https://github.com/borisbsv)
  - at [HackConf 2021](https://hackconf.bg/news/hackconf-2021-online-edition-workshops-announcement/#go-101)
- [Next Phases of Kubernetes](https://github.com/asankov/kubernetes-extensibility) - presentation about how to use Kubernetes extensibility constructs like CRDs, Operators and Admission Controllers to extend Kubernetes and use it as an API backend
  - at [ISTA 2021](https://youtu.be/fotjvAfnjGE?t=9091)

If you want to learn more about me check out my [CV](https://asankov.org/cv).
<!--
**asankov/asankov** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
